your friends is the Chinese welcome to
my kitchen today I am going to make
something very special and which
everybody likes in India as well as
abroad
this is South Indian dish dosa so come
and learn how to prepare it it has got
three stages to prepare so for the first
stage
this is one glass of washed hooded doll
and these are two glasses of rice I have
taken simple rice which we use at home
don't worry your doses will turn out
absolutely Chris this is the size of my
glass about 250 grams you can take
lesser amount just take one is to two
amount one is dull and two is rice then
increase or decrease according to your
requirement so we are going to soak them
separately for overnight or at least for
8 hours then we will going to grind it
and keep it for fermentation that we
will do tomorrow this is rice we have
browned it for a fine paste in a mixie
after soaking it for 12 hours or for
overnight and this is pure dal we have
ground it into a fine paste now we will
going to mix them together and keep for
another seven to eight hours for
fermentation then it will be ready to
make dosas or Italy
and now mix it well we have to add salt
one
it will rise into double
for making those URLs we get these dos
acaba or if you have any nonstick even
smaller one you can try them don't get
nervous
if your nose has are breaking when you
are making in the beginning you will I
took some time to learn how to prepare
yourself put some oil the dosa tava
should be hot just feel yes it is hot
and the consistency of better should be
like this
now hotel not a thing summer
fermentation takes lesser time in winter
it takes some more time so
it can become press from the downside no
just press it with very light hand
slow down and now we have to put our
filling like this hold it in any shape
you like triangular or like this into a
roll look or crispy dosa is ready
you